docs: ephemeral deployment via bonfire (#936)
RedHatInsights/compliance-backend: README.md

Let's examine how to run the project:

### Option 1: Ephemeral Environment with [Bonfire](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire/)

#### Prerequisites

* [`oc`](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/stable/openshift-client-linux.tar.gz)
  ([docs](https://docs.openshift.com/dedicated/4/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html))
* [`bonfire`](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire/)

#### Setup

1. Log in into the ephemeral cluster
2. Set up bonfire configuration

    To use local deployement confguration update the `~/.config/bonfire/config.yaml` as follows:
    ```
    apps:
    - name: compliance
      components:
        - name: compliance
          host: local
          repo: ~/path/to/local/compliance-backend
          path: clowdapp.yaml
          parameters:

>             REDIS_SSL: 'false'

Reviewer: Same comment here. REDIS_SSL is already set to false: https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/insights-platform/cicd-common/-/blob/master/bonfire_configs/ephemeral_apps.yaml#L35

    ```

#### Deploy

Deployment with gateway and routes

```shell

> bonfire deploy compliance gateway insights-ephemeral --no-remove-resources all --set-image-tag 'quay.io/cloudservices/compliance-backend=latest-new'

Reviewer: `--set-image-tag` should not be required, since it's set in cicd-common: https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/insights-platform/cicd-common/-/blob/master/bonfire_configs/ephemeral_apps.yaml#L34

Author: I guess that cicd-common is read only if the appsre config is being used. In case of a local config (as seen on the example), the bonfire would set `IMAGE_TAG` to shortened hash of current commit, hence the override. Anyhow, we can move the option to a note. Thanks!

Let's examine how to run the project:

### Option 1: Ephemeral Environment with [Bonfire](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire/)

#### Prerequisites

* [`oc`](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/stable/openshift-client-linux.tar.gz)
  ([docs](https://docs.openshift.com/dedicated/4/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html))
* [`bonfire`](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire/)

#### Setup

1. Log in into the ephemeral cluster
2. Set up bonfire configuration

    To use local deployement confguration update the `~/.config/bonfire/config.yaml` as follows:
    ```
    apps:
    - name: compliance
      components:
        - name: compliance
          host: local
          repo: ~/path/to/local/compliance-backend
          path: clowdapp.yaml
          parameters:
            REDIS_SSL: 'false'
    ```

#### Deploy

Deployment with gateway and routes

```shell

> bonfire deploy compliance gateway insights-ephemeral --no-remove-resources all

Reviewer: Technically, options should go before the app names.

```
Usage: bonfire deploy [OPTIONS] APP_NAMES...
```

```

This will set up the environment with all service dependencies, 3scale gateway,
and platform [mocks](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/mocks/) (authentication & authorization).

Note, that the deployment only uses local `clowdapp.yaml`.

> A custom image to be pushed on accessible location for the cluster to pull from.

Reviewer: Could you clarify this sentence? I find it confusing. Does it mean this?

```suggestion
A custom image should be pushed to an accessible location for the cluster to pull from.
```
